# BellaBeat-Capstone-Project
Project Overview
Working alongside a team of marketing analyst at Bellabeat, a health focused high-tech manufacturer of products for women. Urška Sršen, Bellabeat's co-founder and chief creative officer believes that analyzing smart device fitness usage data will help gain insight in growth opportunities for the company. I have been tasked to collect information on one of Bellabeats products and use this information to make high level recommendations for how these trends can inform Bellabeats marketing strategy.
# Ask
Sršen asks you to analyze smart device usage data in order to gain insight into how consumers use non-Bellabeat smart
devices. She then wants you to select one Bellabeat product to apply these insights to in your presentation. These questions
will guide your analysis:
1. What are some trends in smart device usage?
2. How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
3. How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy?
# Prepare
Sršen encourages me to use public data that explores smart device users’ daily habits.
https://www.kaggle.com/arashnic/fitbit FitBit Fitness Tracker Data (CC0: Public Domain, dataset made available through Mobius): This Kaggle data set
contains personal fitness tracker from thirty fitbit users. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of
personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. It includes
information about daily activity, steps, and heart rate that can be used to explore users’ habits.
These datasets were generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. Individual reports can be parsed by export session ID (column A) or timestamp (column B).  Variation between output represents use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual tracking behaviors / preferences.
# Process
The tools used for cleaning, analysis and sharing consisted of BigQuery:SQL, Google Sheets and Tableau.
* New table was made titled "BELLABEAT CLEAN DATA"
* No duplicates found in Id and ActivityDate
* No Null values found
# Analyze
Recall Business Objectives
1. What are some trends in smart device usage?
2. How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
3. How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy?

Assumptions for the Analysis:
"Distance" refers to miles
"Calories" refers to calories burned

Distance and Calories are the most important variables for this analysis. 
